
# Firebase Cloud Function 

Cloud Functions for Firebase is a serverless framework that lets you automatically run backend code in response to events triggered by Firebase features and HTTPS requests. Your JavaScript or TypeScript code is stored in Google's cloud and runs in a managed environment. There's no need to manage and scale your own servers.

In this project we are gonna cover one of the most powerful tools in Firebase

Cloud Function and their ability to keep the user experience smooth and safe at the same time, in this repo its gonna be the beginning of a new immigration from old HTTPS request on mobile app (can be applied to the web or any platform too)

into new agile method to keep API cridential safe from haters. I mean hackers :) :P
## Firebase Cloud Features

- Easy way to build a powerful backend without managing your own server
- Easy to access other firebase services
- The functions you write can respond to events generated by various Firebase and Google Cloud features. 
- including but limited in (database realtime, firestore, storage and more)
- fully safe and secure from Hater's Ops. I mean Hacker's
- The functions you write can respond to events generated by various Firebase and Google Cloud features.
- Firebase automatically scales up computing resources to match the usage patterns of our users.
- Keep your logic private and secure to avoid tampering on the client's side. Also, sometimes it's not desirable to allow that code to be reverse engineered. Cloud Functions are fully insulated from the client, so you can be sure it is private and always does exactly what you want.
## Authors

- [@octokatherine](https://www.github.com/octokatherine)


## Official Documentation

[Firebase Cloud Function](https://firebase.google.com/docs/functions)


## Usage/Examples

Please note that for using the Firebase Cloud function you need to setup the blaze package and then go through documentation for a new project using firebase init command. 

```javascript
firebase init
npm install
npm install firebase-admin
firebase deploy
```

